No Irrelevant information:
There are 60 calories in a candy bar. How many dozen calories are there in 45 candy bars?
Sara saw 96 birds in a tree. How many dozen birds did Sara see?
Mike has 48 books. Alyssa has 8 times more books than  Mike. How many dozen books does Alyssa have?
Sara has saved 9 dollars from washing cars.  How many dozen quarters does Sara have?
Sara, Keith, Benny, and Alyssa each have 96 baseball cards.  How many dozen baseball cards do they have in all?
Jason has 3 Pokemon cards. Benny bought 2 of Jason's  Pokemon cards. How many Pokemon cards does Jason have now ?
Mike has 8 orange marbles, he gave Sam 4 of the marbles. How many orange marbles does he now have ?
Joan had 5 dimes in her bank. She spent 2 of her dimes. How many dimes does she have now ?
There are 2 rose bushes currently in the park. Park workers will plant 4 more rose bushes today. How many rose bushes will the park have when the workers are finished ?
Sara picked 6 pears and Tim picked 5 pears from the pear tree. How many pears were picked in total ?
Sam grew 4 watermelons, but the rabbits ate 3 watermelons. How many watermelons does Sam have left ?
There are 3 calories in a candy bar. How many calories are there in 5 candy bars ?
Dan has 5 blue marbles. Mary has 2 times more blue marbles than Dan. How many blue marbles does Mary have ?
Sara has 9 dozen golf balls. How many golf balls does she have ?
Jason had Pokemon cards. He gave 9 to his friends. He now has 4 Pokemon cards left. How many Pokemon cards did he have to start with ?
Mary had 7 nickels in her bank. Her dad gave her 5 more nickels. How many nickels does Mary have now ?
Melanie, Benny, Sally, and Jessica each have 3 baseball cards.  How many baseball cards do they have in all ?
Keith grew 6 turnips. Alyssa grew 9 turnips. How many turnips did they grow in all ?
There are 4 children in the classroom, each student will get 2 pencils. How many pencils will the teacher have to give out ?
Mary has 9 yellow marbles Joan has 3 yellow marbles. How many yellow marbles do they have in all ?
There are 8 calories in a candy bar. How many calories are there in 3 candy bars ?
Benny received 79 dollars and 9 movie tickets for his birthday . He went to a sporting goods store and bought a baseball glove , baseball , and bat . He had 32 dollars over , how much did he spent on the baseball gear ? 
Dan had 14 peaches and 10 pears at his roadside fruit dish . He went to the orchard and picked peaches to stock up . There are now 85 peaches . how many did he pick ? 

Irrelevant information:
Melanie had 10 quarters and 17 pennies in her bank . Her dad gave her 27 pennies and her mother gave her 19 pennies . How many pennies does Melanie have now ? 
Joan grew 24 pumpkins , Keith grew 42 pumpkins , and Alyssa grew 13 pumpkins . They worked for 34 days on the farm . How many pumpkins did they grow in all ? 
Mary had 18 baseball cards , and 8 were torn . Fred gave Mary 26 new baseball cards . Mary bought 40 baseball cards . How many baseball cards does Mary have now ? 
Alyssa went to 11 soccer games this year , but missed 12 . She went to 13 games last year and plans to go to 15 games next year . How many soccer games will Alyssa go to in all ? 
There are 48 erasers in the drawer and 30 erasers on the desk . Alyssa placed 39 erasers and 45 rulers on the desk . How many erasers are now there in total ? 
There are 47 orchid bushes currently in the park . Park workers will plant 37 orchid bushes today and 25 orchid bushes tomorrow . It took 35 workers to finish the work . How many orchid bushes will the park have when the workers are finished ? 
Fred has 10 red balloons , Sam has 46 red balloons , and Dan has 16 red balloons . The balloons cost 10 dollars . How many red balloons do they have in all ? 
Mary found 45 seashells , Melanie found 23 seashells , and Jason found 32 seashells on the beach . When they cleaned them , they discovered that 31 were cracked . How many seashells did they find together ? 
Fred picked 36 limes , Alyssa picked 32 limes , and Nancy picked 35 limes and 18 pears , at the farm . How many limes were picked in total ? 
There are 43 maple trees and 22 orange trees currently in the park . Park workers will plant maple trees today . When the workers are finished there will be 54 maple trees in the park . How many maple trees did the workers plant today ? 
Melanie has 41 books and 31 magazines in her library . She bought several books at a yard sale over the weekend . She now has 87 books in her library . How many books did she buy at the yard sale ? 
There were 2 red orchids and 4 white orchids in the vase . Jessica cut some red orchids from her flower garden . There are now 18 red orchids in the vase . How many red orchids did she cut ? 
Last week Tim had 12 dollars and Keith had 36 dollars . Tim washed cars over the weekend and now has 75 dollars . How much money did Tim make washing cars ? 
Joan found 75 seashells and 14 starfishes on the beach . She gave Tim some of her seashells . She has 62 seashell . How many seashells did she give to Tim ? 
There were 32 bales of hay in the barn and 26 bales in the shed . Jason stacked bales in the barn today . There are now 98 bales of hay in the barn . How many bales did he store in the barn ? 
Jessica is baking a cake . The recipe calls for 8 cups of flour and 2 cups of sugar . She already put in 4 cups of flour . How many cups of flour does she need to add ? 
Benny 's high school played 16 hockey games this year and 4 were at night . The team won most of their games . They were defeated during 2 games . How many games did they win ? 
There were a total of 7 football games this year , 6 are played at night . Jason missed 2 of the games . How many football games did Jason go to in all ? 
Keith picked 3 pears and Jason picked 2 pears from the pear tree . Joan picked 5 apples from the apple tree . How many pears were picked in total ? 
Sally has 9 orange balloons and 4 blue balloons . She lost 2 of the orange balloons . How many orange balloons does Sally have now ? 
Sandy grew 8 carrots and 7 turnips . Mary grew 6 carrots . How many carrots did they grow in all ? 
There are 5 scissors and 3 pencils in the drawer . Jason placed 4 scissors in the drawer . How many scissors are now there in total ? 
Jessica found 7 seashells and 9 starfish , but 4 of the seashells were broken . How many unbroken seashells did Jessica find ? 
Alyssa 's cat had 8 kittens and 8 had spots . She gave 4 to her friends . How many kittens does she now have ? 
Sam had 7 pennies and 8 dimes in his bank . His sister borrowed 4 dimes . How many dimes does Sam have now ? 
A restaurant served 9 hot dogs during lunch and 2 during dinner today . It served 5 of them yesterday . How many hot dogs were served today ? 
There are 3 short trees and 6 tall trees currently in the park . Park workers will plant 9 short trees today . How many short trees will the park have when the workers are finished ? 
Mary had 21 dimes and 38 pennies in her bank . Her dad borrowed 18 pennies from Mary . How many pennies does she have now ? 
Alyssa picked 17 plums and Jason picked 10 plums . Melanie picked 35 pears . How many plums were picked in all ? 
There are 48 pencils and 40 scissors in the drawer . Joan placed 29 pencils in the drawer . How many pencils are now there in all ? 
